Improvements to the create prerelease page (#933)
ACCESS-NRI/access-hive.org.au: docs/models/run-a-model/create-a-prerelease.md

    When a PR is closed (this includes merged PRs), regardless if it was merged or not, all the related prereleases deployments get removed.<br>
    You can retrieve a single prerelease build by [creating a _Spack_ environment](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/environments.html#creating-a-managed-environment) using the `spack.yaml`/`spack.lock` artifact related to the specific commit.

## Draft vs non-draft PR
The prerelease build workflow used to [trigger model prereleases](#trigger-model-prerelease-and-release-build-deployments) differs depending on whether the open PR is a _draft_ or a _regular_ PR.
The differences are summarized in the table below:

|**Type**|**Used for**|**CI Checks**|
|---|---|---|
|Regular PR|Changes to be incorporated into the default branch as a Release.|The full range of CI checks, including conformance to our restricted `spack.yaml` syntax.|

> |Draft PR|Changes that are not intended for a Release, but instead being used for testing.|Minimal CI Checks, only validating that the root spec is formatted correctly.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Draft PR|Changes that are not intended for a Release, but instead being used for testing.|Minimal CI Checks, only validating that the model name and version is formatted correctly.|
```

Just because I'm not sure many people would know what a root spec is.

Author: Updated in [5780c73aa85a58ae062f72e3efd02d26081153e4](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-hive.org.au/pull/933/commits/5780c73aa85a58ae062f72e3efd02d26081153e4)

For example, we make the above [modifications](#modifications) that updated the ACCESS-OM2 MOM5 component version to the one from MOM5 repository's `development` branch (by changing the `mom5` `require` version to `git.development` in the [`spack.yaml`](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ACCESS-OM2/blob/d907f3314a9956875baaaaf2b4d7b6be6fa81926/spack.yaml#L15)).<br>
We then push the commits to the `update_mom5_dev_build` branch and open a PR to `main`, resulting in a [successful deployment](#successful-deployment) of our ACCESS-OM2 _mom5-development_ build (version 1).<br>

> Subsequently, we decide to make some further changes to the MOM5 `development` branch and we push the commits to the remote repo.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsequently, we decide to make some further changes to the MOM5 `development` branch and we push the commits to the remote repository.<br>
```
Just because it's being extended in other places.

Author: Updated in [5780c73aa85a58ae062f72e3efd02d26081153e4](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-hive.org.au/pull/933/commits/5780c73aa85a58ae062f72e3efd02d26081153e4)
